[Music]
the new 25s might be the smallest of the
six votes in the modern grandes asleep
but it still aims to offer a premium
sports boat experience the helm station
certainly backs that up you get a
high-class seat with lateral support you
get a armrest for your throttle hand you
get a good foot brace to secure yourself
you get room for 12-inch Charlotte and
you also get an anti reflective finish
it really is exactly as you would have
it the cabin is actually quite modest
even by 20 foot sports boat standards
you do get a loo to starboard and a
lounge seat to the core and you also get
an extendable bed section to turn it
into a full 2 metre burn in all fairness
though this boat has been optimized as a
de cruiser and its cockpit reflects that
so to to the engine options with the
bass 250 horsepower Mercruiser this is a
nine-man boat cable of 38 knots and at
ninety four thousand pound package price
that compares pretty favorably with a
premium Scandinavian bread
[Music]
you